Add information about same-origin policy and CORS in snaps (#771)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/reference/permissions.md

},
```

### Same-origin policy and CORS

> `fetch()` requests done inside a snap are bound by browsers' [same-origin policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy#cross-origin_network_access). Since snaps code is executed in an iframe with the `sandbox` property, the browser will send an `Origin` header with the value `null` with outgoing requests. For the snap to be able to read the response, an [`Access-Control-Allow-Origin`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) CORS header with the value `*` or `null` must be sent in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fetch()` requests in a snap are bound by browsers' [same-origin policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy#cross-origin_network_access). Since snap code is executed in an iframe with the `sandbox` property, the browser sends an `Origin` header with the value `null` with outgoing requests. For the snap to be able to read the response, the server must send an [`Access-Control-Allow-Origin`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) CORS header with the value `*` or `null` in the response.
```
